Throughout Jesus' ministry, he taught about God's kingdom more than any other subject.
For centuries, his followers have prayed for that kingdom to come.
But what is the kingdom? A kingdom is a type of government.
A government includes a ruler, a seat of government, a territory that is ruled over,
laws and citizens. Sadly, many human governments fail to meet the needs of their people,
advancing their own interests instead.
In contrast, God's kingdom has the perfect ruler, Jesus.
Someone God Himself chose to be king. God also selects others to be associate rulers with Jesus.
This kingdom rules from heaven. It receives its power and authority from God.
Its domain will include the whole earth, eliminating problems caused by nationalism.
And anyone who obeys its laws can be a citizen.